---
building: Eagleson
title: Eagleson 1st Floor
title_directory: ''
title_long: ''
room: 1st Floor
review_date: 2015-03-03 17:00:00 +0000
photo_date: 

---
Sup fools. It’s been a while since new post. Yes, I am aware of this. I’d like to do nothing more than researching for blog materials, but that’s not how life works all the time. You hope to be able to do the things you for leisure as your actual job someday. Some people have achieved this, but the vast majority of us don’t have that luxury available to us in the present. There’s other obligations in life; you gotta cover those bases before you can even start to have fun for yourself. A lot of people don’t even get to have fun ever because they have other priorities that take precedence. Lots of people are just miserable all the time. Just keep doing you and it’ll work out eventually, sometimes, you know? For me, I’ll admit this isn’t the first priority on my list short-term and long-term plans, but you gotta express yourself in some sort of outlet. When you keep all that stress and worrying in you for a long time you snap and then you catch something reckless and do something you regret. I’ll probably say 70% of crimes happen just because those people snap and have to do some crazy shit. The other 20% is corrupt law systems and false imprisonments and whatever. But there’s some people that are just built crazy, so there’s not a lot you can do about some of those people. Just give them their outlets and hope they don’t kill anybody.

The first review of 2015 is graced by the first floor bathroom of Eagleson Hall. Eagleson is located off the main affair of campus, on the corner of 15th and 42nd. It looks like a castle buttress, sort of. This building is initially very intimidating because they have numpads on all the exterior doors. I had some horrible economics lecture there a couple years ago but I don’t remember the doors having those features yet. You gotta imagine all sorts of crazy folks that hang out on the Ave try to do all kinds of shenanigans near there so they’re just trying to fortify. You don’t want some drugged out dude going through all your academic shit. So I imagine security’s pretty tight nowadays.

Eagleson happens to be the home of the Department of Speech and Hearing Sciences. I know some people that studied that in college, so I know that it’s totally a thing, I just have no idea what sort of studies this would entail. It’s this small portion of the academic universe my satellite telescopes can’t take pictures of. No clue. The one thing I do know about SHS is that there are approximately 0% men in this field since every person in that building except the secretary was female. This is good for those of us that fall in the (1) male and (2) need to go to the bathroom but you’re near the Ave and it’s before dark demographics. You gotta imagine the female restrooms in there are a nightmare. The lines during passing periods must be all kinds of wackness. Sanitary napkins everywhere, you know? Those aren’t really my area of expertise though. I’m more well-versed in the male and unisex varieties for sure.

I mean, the interior of the 1st floor men’s room isn’t anything to write home about. It can be summed up in three words: beige and windowless. There’s a couple strategically placed mirrors to make it look bigger, which it kind of does I suppose. There’s a urinal and a stall. I ducked into the stall and it was nice and spacious, not too dark and cavernous. This bathroom has a nice shelf addition across from the sinks so you don’t have to finagle with your messenger bag or man purse or satchel or whatever is in your hands that you can’t hold while you’re going to the bathroom or don’t want to put on the bathroom floor. It was clean and odorless. Not much more you can ask out of a bathroom, except with the bonus of the aforementioned 10000000000:1 female:male ratio so you will never have to be afraid of being near a human being that produces more testosterone than estrogen while you’re pooping if you ever choose to do so here. Definitely gonna stash this one in the mind palace for when I’m wandering about the Ave during daylight hours.